Love, Rosie (2014)
Lily Collins, Sam Claflin

I watched the movie at a late Sunday night. The plot was literally about a love story between Rosie (Lily Collins) and Alex (Sam Claflin) and the string of bad choices they had made before ending up together. It was full of romantic cliche. The main characters spent almost the whole movie flirting with each other and denied each other. Despite such a weak plot line, the movie was not bad at all. 

Arr, the plot. Long long ago, there was a boy-girl frienship between little Alex and Little Rosie. They grew up together. They shared their lives together. When puberty hit, they started to develop their effectionate nature. However, a miscommunication set them on two different paths. Alex became the boyfriend of Bethany, a typical mean girl, whom he lost his virginity to. Rosie fighted back by sleeping with Greg, an awkward schoolmate, just to get pregnant immmediately. After graduation, Alex went to Havard when Rosie became a single mom. However, the distance, his girlfriends, her lovers and even marriages did no damage to their flirting skills. They kept sending loving texts and going on date once in a while. Finally, after series of incidents of failed marriages, being cheated on and strained relationships, they reunited. Oh, did I mention that her daughter also had a boy friend, just like "Alex & Rosie"? No. Okay. The story was silly as it could be, but lovely enough to share an afternoon with your loved ones. 

As Love, Rosie embraces the full ideology of rom-com, its cast is full of attractive actors. Lily Collins and Sam Claflin are extremely hot, and so are the supporting actors and actresses. All of them go through 12 years without aging. There are moments that you can laugh. There are moments that you feel pitty. And there are moments that you deem stupid. Being said that, it is a typical romantic comedy for young adults, especially for girls. Hence, I recommend the movie to those who want to pass the time. 

Trivia: I did not know that Rikon Stark was in the movie, at the night the Stark boy was killed. 

